---
layout: post
title:  "PELUX 1.0 Released!"
date:   2018-01-12 19:00:00 +0100
categories: yocto release
author: Tobias Olausson and Gordan Markuš
---

We are proud to announce that PELUX 1.0 has been released today!

As the classic in-vehicle ECU architecture adapts to tackle new
requirements and trends in the automotive industries, a need for a
more flexible and dynamic hierarchical architecture appears. The shift
from traditional heterogeneous ECUs to converged central computing
platforms for certain vehicle domains such as infotainment, autonomous
driving, body control and communication, will enable such an
architecture. The PELUX Suite was designed in order to enable the
development of such converged automotive systems. PELUX leverages well
known open source projects such as Linux, Yocto and GENIVI in order to
provide a base development platform. The base development platform is
complemented with project blueprints and documentation, that has one
main goal in mind - to provide a state of the art development
experience in embedded Linux device creation, tailored to automotive
needs.

The PELUX project use case and requirements were distilled from years
of hands-on experience, as well as the analysis of current trends in
the automotive industry. PELUX was designed to be the inovation
platform that changes how your automotive software is created: by
relying on advanced technical solutions, leveraging open source
projects and defining a scaled agile way of working.

Read more about the release details on the [releases](/releases)
page!
